hey everyone and I have a guide for you
today this is a range training method
that I kind of discovered myself which
is aqua nights which you can kill in the
relics layard unguent there at the very
end of it so how you get there as you
just go to the relic osler dungeon the
fairy ring code will be in the
description I can't quite remember it
off the top of my head but there's a
fairy ring to tell fourth you straight
to the entrance of the dungeon and that
code will be in the description so you
can look at that at the beginning we're
just looking at my setup i am using our
middle in this layer home because it was
my slow task with a royal crossbow i
also have a bone crusher and a demon
horn necklace which are very very
important you definitely want to have
these if you can also the slower
requirement to kill these monsters is
level 78 and the loot that you drop is
not the greatest they do have a chance
of dropping the amulet of ranging
although this is only worth about 80k in
the GE at the moment so it's not really
a very good drop to begin with so you
don't have to worry too much about drops
but since they do drop big bones and
they are so fast to kill you can use
unlimited prayer here so i was using
soulsplit which is of course 92 prayer
if you have that very very useful that
will cover all the healing you need i
had a bunny of just in case but
soulsplit covers all the healing you
need and you can use it infinitely and
you do want to use abilities if you
don't use abilities of course it will be
a bit slower but it is also very good XP
even without using abilities so the XP I
got here you'll see at the end I only
slide these for 10 minutes but it adds
up to 240 6k per hour using abilities
and just go in full speed and if you
don't use abilities it's about 200k an
hour roughly I did do 10 minutes without
abilities as well but I didn't record
them but it is about 200k an hour
without abilities so this is almost an
alternative to water fiends water fiends
are also about 250 k range XP per hour
but they drop a lot of more crimson
charms however if you just are getting
sick of water fiends and you want an
alternative method to train your range
this is a great place to go I kind of
enjoyed it you do get a few charms um
also if you're planning on staying here
a long time I would recommend to bring
al currents because they do drop a lot
of battle staff switch alch for about
nine
point 5k each they drop both air battle
staffs and water battle staffs so if you
do want to camp here for a long time in
possibly train your range you definitely
want to bring some Alec ruins as well
with my setup of course i'm using the
max gear and i am back stats as well so
i will be getting a bit faster XP than
someone who for example is like level 80
range and using royal d ID and maybe a
worse weapon of course if you're using
any weapon below either chaotic
crossbows or royal crossbow the XP per
hour is not going to be nearly as good
just because those weapons are very very
efficient at killing them so do i only
use basic abilities and then i use the
ability dead shot or if you have chaotic
crossbows you want to use the ability
unload and though either dead shot or
unload will pretty much just one hit
these things on and then the basic
abilities kill them very fast as well
you can kill them and usually two or
three hits with the basic ones so you
really don't want to be using any
threshold abilities because like
abilities such as rapid fire they just
take a little bit of time they take a
few too many tix to get started there's
really no reason and using them so you
just want to use your basics and then
your ultimate once you have your
adrenaline bar all the way up and of
course if you do want to take it a
little more slow and relaxed you can use
momentum as well I just wouldn't
recommend that if you really want to get
the best XP per hour so I did have to
leave all the drops on the ground while
making this video which was extremely
hard for me to do because if you've been
watching my videos for a while you know
I am extremely cheap and I like to pick
up everything but if you are going to
leave drops on the ground this is one of
the best places to do it because all
they drop is runes not ruin items but
like runes that use for mage and some
noted drops but none of them are really
worth very much at all they also drops
them like adamant bolts and ruin bolts
but other than if you get an amulet of
ranging or an effigy there's no reason
to pick up any of the drops and of
course is charm collectors very nice
here as well because they do have a
pretty decent drop rate for blue charms
and you'll get the standard crimson
green and golds as well but the charm
collector just means that you don't have
to run around which is also really nice
so anyway also I recorded this in a
larger screen so if the framerate is a
bit bug
I am speeding this up so the frame rate
shouldn't be too much of an issue but
foremost my guides and stuff in the
future I'm going to try to be recorded
on a larger screen on resizable and sort
of fixed just because it looks a lot
nicer with the video production quality
I think so anyway that's going to be
about all for this guide my 10 minute to
slam these things is just about wrapping
up so hopefully you enjoyed please leave
like if you did find this guide helpful
and yeah if you just want alternative to
water fiends to train your range this is
a great place to go 78 slayer of course
as I said earlier and I got 41 a little
over 41 k in 10 minutes